Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
And today is an old friend of mine, and I guess a friend of just about everyone.
It's Tennessee Ernie Ford.
Thanks, Ernie, for taking time out to let us come and visit.
Well, smoky old buddy, if anyone was to have told me years ago that, well, when I was just a little feller, barefooted and roaming the Tennessee hills and woods, that one day I'd be discussing a serious problem with a bear, all decked out in dungarees, a ranger hat and a shovel, well, I'd have told that feller to hightail it out of there before I warmed the seat of his breeches.
Well, it just shows how time rolls along, doesn't it?
In some ways, that is.
In others, time is just standing still, seems like.
Well, when I was a kid, some folks thought nothing about setting a fire out in the woods for one reason or another.
To green up the grass, maybe, or to get rid of some boll weevils, to chase out the snakes, or to smoke out a squirrel, or just to see the woods burn.
Think of that.
And from what I hear, Smokey, there's still a lot of that foolishness going on.
Well, it is foolishness.
It's shameful and it's sinful.
Seems to me in this day and time we ought to be taking better care of what the good Lord has given us.
We sure need all the trees that can grow and good soil to protect our water supply, places for wildlife to live.
We lose something mighty precious every time fire runs wild through the woods.
Well, I've said my piece, Smokey.
I see you have the sons of the pioneers with you.
How about one of their fine Western spirituals?
Sure thing, Ernie.
We'll do Saddle Up.
It tells a bit about the dawning of Judgment Day, and we hope you like it.
Saddle up!
Gabriel's trumpet blast the morn Saddle up, you men to the leather born Your graves will yield their sleep and pray This is the dawning of the Judgment Day
The list is long, you'll hear the names Billy the Kid, and old as a James Johnny, Ringo, Curly Bill They're all asleep on a sumble hill Saddle up, saddle up, saddle up Rise up, your faithful ponies wake Saddle up and ride through the golden gate
The judge will call you one by one And nary a man is gonna tow the gun Saddle up!
Saddle up!
He's calling those he knows should ride
Just as they lived and just as they died Some are doomed by the judge's word To the ghostly riders and the devil's herd Saddle up, saddle up, saddle up, saddle up The list is long and you all know
Wild Bill Hickok and old Geronimo.
Sitting Bull and old Sam Bass, who now through judgments, portals pass.
So hear that trumpet, lose your fears.
Although you've slept for these 80 years, you've never really ever died.
So saddle, saddle.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowling and a-growling and a-sniffing the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.